feat(docs): migrate tutorial for syncing alert rules (#4)
canonical/observability-docs: docs/tutorial/sync-alert-rules-from-git.md

# Sync alert rules from git

In this tutorial you will learn how to make COS Lite automatically sync the alert rules of a git repository to Prometheus using the [COS Configuration charm](https://charmhub.io/cos-configuration-k8s/docs).

## Prerequisites
This tutorial assumes that you already have the following:
- A Kubernetes deployment [bootstrapped with Juju](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/latest/tutorial/).
- A git repository with your Prometheus Alert rules.

## Introduction

> Imagine your business is looking to migrate your observability solution to COS Lite, but that you already have a lot of time invested into converting operational knowledge into alert rules that you're versioning in a git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine your business wants to migrate its observability solution to COS-Lite, but you already have a lot of time invested into converting operational knowledge into alert rules that you're versioning in a git repository.
```

Author: I'll skip this one. Thanks for the suggestion! 🙇🏼

...
```

as well as in prometheus itself using the command line:

```bash
$ juju ssh prometheus/0 curl localhost:9090/api/v1/rules

{"status":"success","data":{"groups":[{"name":"zinc_missing_alerts","file":"/etc/prometheus/rules/juju_zinc_missing_alerts.rules","rules":[{"state":"inactive","name":"PepeTargetMissingRemote","query":"up{juju_application=\"PepeApp\"} == 0","duration":0,"labels":{"gitbranch":"main","origin":"github","severity":"critical"},"annotations":{"description":"A Prometheus target has disappeared. An exporter might be crashed.\n  VALUE = {{ $value }}\n  LABELS = {{ $labels }}","summary":"Prometheus target missing (instance {{ $labels.instance }})"},"alerts":[],"health":"ok","evaluationTime":0.000263312,"lastEvaluation":"2023-02-23T20:55:06.506298391Z","type":"alerting"}],"interval":60,"limit":0,"evaluationTime":0.000272579,"lastEvaluation":"2023-02-23T20:55:06.50629195Z"}]}}
```

or using Prometheus Web UI:

![imagen|690x480](assets/synced-alert-rule-prom.png) 

> <!-- TOC --><a name="sync-interval"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Sync interval

The repository syncs on every [`update-status` event](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/latest/reference/hook/#update-status) or when the juju administrator manually runs the `sync-now` action.

```shell
$ juju run cos-config/0 sync-now
Running operation 1 with 1 task
  - task 2 on unit-cos-config-0

Waiting for task 2...
18:10:28 Calling git-sync with --one-time...
18:10:29 Warning: I0223 21:10:28.544402     186 main.go:473] "level"=0 "msg"="starting up" "pid"=186 "args"=["/git-sync","--repo","https://github.com/Abuelodelanada/cos-config","--branch","main","--rev","HEAD","--depth","1","--root","/git","--dest","repo","--one-time"]

git-sync-stdout: ""
```

> <!-- TOC --><a name="extra-information"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
